README.md, before:

# CHIP: A multi-sensor dataset for 6D pose estimation of chairs in industrial settings

This is the repository that contains website source code for the [CHIP website](https://tev-fbk.github.io/CHIP/).

If you find CHIP useful for your work please cite:
```
@article{nardon2025chip,
  title={CHIP: A multi-sensor dataset for 6D pose estimation of chairs in industrial settings},
  author={Nardon, Mattia and Mujika Agirre, Mikel and González Tomé, Ander and Sedano Algarabel, Daniel and Rueda Collell, Josep and Caro, Ana Paola and Caraffa, Andrea and Poiesi, Fabio and Chippendale, Paul Ian and Boscaini, Davide},
  journal={arXiv},
  year={2025}}
```

# Website License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Update citation format in README.md and index.html to reflect conference proceedings

README.md, after:

# CHIP: A multi-sensor dataset for 6D pose estimation of chairs in industrial settings

This is the repository that contains website source code for the [CHIP website](https://tev-fbk.github.io/CHIP/).

If you find CHIP useful for your work please cite:
```
@inproceedings{nardon2025chip,
  title={CHIP: A multi-sensor dataset for 6D pose estimation of chairs in industrial settings},
  author={Nardon, Mattia and Mujika Agirre, Mikel and González Tomé, Ander and Sedano Algarabel, Daniel and Rueda Collell, Josep and Caro, Ana Paola and Caraffa, Andrea and Poiesi, Fabio and Chippendale, Paul Ian and Boscaini, Davide},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC)},
  year={2025}}
```

# Website License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
